com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/AddItemsDialogRowBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.AddItemsDialogRowBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/tasks/TasksFragment.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.tasks.TasksFragment
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/AddTaskDialogBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.AddTaskDialogBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/add_items/AddItemsViewModel.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.add_items.AddItemsViewModel
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/AddItemsFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.AddItemsFragmentBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/GoalRowItemBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.GoalRowItemBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/view_items/ItemsViewFragment.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.view_items.ItemsViewFragment
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.view_items.ItemsViewFragment$1
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/TasksFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.TasksFragmentBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/manage/ManageViewModel.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.manage.ManageViewModel
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/FragmentCalendarBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.FragmentCalendarBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/adapters/CustomAdapter.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.CustomAdapter
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.CustomAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.CustomAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/goals/GoalsFragment.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.goals.GoalsFragment
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/TaskRowItemBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.TaskRowItemBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/CourseRowItemBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.CourseRowItemBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/tasks/TasksViewModel.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel
com/example/syllabuspro/Task.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.Task
 com.example.syllabuspro.Task$Priority
com/example/syllabuspro/MainActivity.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$1
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$10
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$11
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$12
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$13
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$14
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$2
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$3
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$4
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$5
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$6
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$7
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$8
 com.example.syllabuspro.MainActivity$9
com/example/syllabuspro/Goal.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.Goal
com/example/syllabuspro/Deadline.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.Deadline
 com.example.syllabuspro.Deadline$Alternative
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/manage/ManageFragment.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.manage.ManageFragment
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/FragmentManageBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.FragmentManageBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.BuildConfig
com/example/syllabuspro/SyllabusItem.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.SyllabusItem
 com.example.syllabuspro.SyllabusItem$Type
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/FragmentGoalsBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.FragmentGoalsBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/calendar/CalendarFragment.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.calendar.CalendarFragment
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/add_items/AddItemsFragment.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.add_items.AddItemsFragment
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.add_items.AddItemsFragment$1
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.add_items.AddItemsFragment$2
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.add_items.AddItemsFragment$3
com/example/syllabuspro/UriUtils.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.UriUtils
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/view_items/ItemsViewViewModel.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.view_items.ItemsViewViewModel
com/example/syllabuspro/adapters/ItemsAdapter.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.ItemsAdapter
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.ItemsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/ItemsViewFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.ItemsViewFragmentBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/calendar/CalendarViewModel.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.calendar.CalendarViewModel
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/ItemRowItemBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.ItemRowItemBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/ui/goals/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.ui.goals.HomeViewModel
com/example/syllabuspro/adapters/AddCourseAdapter.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.AddCourseAdapter
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.AddCourseAdapter$1
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.AddCourseAdapter$2
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.AddCourseAdapter$3
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.AddCourseAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.AddCourseAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/syllabuspro/adapters/GoalsAdapter.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.GoalsAdapter
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.GoalsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/syllabuspro/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.DatePickerFragment
com/example/syllabuspro/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/syllabuspro/adapters/TasksAdapter.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.TasksAdapter
 com.example.syllabuspro.adapters.TasksAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/syllabuspro/Course.java
 com.example.syllabuspro.Course
